# Unit-grid-finding
Finds all possible placements for 1xk units in an nxn grid
This project is still a work in progress as i started very recently, but it is one that i plan on finishing. I chose to do it because it was a problem that i personally wanted to see solved, and i wanted to refresh and further my knowledge of C++. Additionally, although this may seem like a straight forward problem when read below, it is very computationally heavy. Finding a brute force solution is fairly simple, but will very quickly exceed allowed runtimes. Therefore, i am using this project also to practice better coding techniques in saving time with C++ by exploring alternate approaches that may work more efficiently and allow a much better solution that the brute-force one. 
As for the project, eventually, the goal will be for it to detect the likelihood that a "unit" of size 1xk (where 0<k) is occupying a space on a nxn grid {where n>=max(all k's representing unit sizes)}. It will allow a user to enter a number of units of each size correlating to its position in an array (e.g. [0,0,2,3,2] meaning two units of size 1x2, three units of size 1x3, and one of size 1x4) and calculate the number of possible ways those units can occupy an nxn grid without overlapping. I would then convert those numbers to percentages so that the user can see what the percentage likelihood is that a unit is placed in a certain location calculated from every possible iteration of those units. Additionally, I would like this to work eventually with irregular grids: grids that are not square or grids that are square but have points inside the grid where units are not allowed to be placed. Currently, the program works in finding the number of ways a number of units can be placed on a grid of size nxn, but does not work with irregular grids and can only feasibly do this with up to five or so units (depending on the grid size).
